I smashed over 100 big screen TVs in 15 minutes.

The big rear projection ones. It cost me ten grand.

This wasn’t some rich kid fantasy... I borrowed the money to buy them.

I was 19 that summer and we had liquidated three tractor trailers full of returns from various American Best Buy locations on eBay. Each truck cost us around $15,000, 95% off retail. At one point, I had almost half a million dollars worth of electronics in my mom’s house.

Car stereos, ink jets, iPods & Xboxes… piled to the ceiling down the front hall, in the dining room, in the garage... People from craigslist picking through skid size boxes and making me offers.

75% of the time people return things, it's out of remorse. There’s nothing wrong with the item but if the packaging is damaged, all they can do is liquidate it. That’s where we’d come in. We’d buy the whole truck load, test each item individually and sell the functional pieces online.

Truckers would call and say “I’m getting close, but this looks like a residential neighborhood… Am I legally allowed to drive here? ...Do you have a truck level loading dock?!”

32 skids of mystery electronics per truck, hundreds of pounds each, no forklift.

We’d have 8 kids standing in the driveway when they rolled up, gardening gloves on, ready to offload the entire truck one piece at a time. We were like a cartoon fire brigade passing buckets of water.

It was better than Christmas… Until the last truck came in August.

The fourth truck we bought that summer was full of large, rear projection TVs.

Instead of the typical three quarter functionality, almost all of them were broken. Burnt out bulbs. Fried electrical.

We met all kinds of repair technicians.

They couldn’t be fixed.

I was devastated. Our grand dreams of having a warehouse with a truck level loading dock were crushed.

We couldn’t recoup enough money to make a new order. We were sunk. I still owed my mom $8,000. I needed to go back to school, and I had over a hundred broken TVs, each the size of a deep freezer, wheeled into every room of the house.

We also had bylaw enforcement threatening my mom with major fines. Turns out you’re not allowed to turn a middle class suburban house into a major electronics retailer.

Neighbors had complained about the 50+ wooden skids I had left piled on my driveway for two months.

So I rented a U-Haul. A big one.

My friend and I loaded all the skids and TVs into the truck and set off for the dump.

Rolling those brand new, 200 pound TVs off the back of the truck, as hard as we could, one by one, was one of the most therapeutic experiences of my life.

They seemed to literally explode when they landed. One on top of the other.

What did I learn from it?

I don't know. Testing printers is hard because you don't have the right ink cartridges?

Who cares. The people who told me to give up were wrong. I didn't give up. I kept going. Kept failing.

That was 11 years and 7 failed companies ago.

In the past two years, I built Planswell to over 50 staff and $13M in funding. We're helping tens of thousands of people secure their financial futures. It feels amazing.

People have stopped telling me to give up!

I'm still not giving up.

My mom co-signed my mortgage.

I couldn't even afford to rent.

Basement tenants paid my bills. Markets went up.

I refinanced to fund 9 startups and lost it all.

6 mortgages, 3 houses, 7 years.

...In 2016 we started Planswell.

We've raised $15 million. Hired 55 people...

Last year was my first year owing income tax.

This year, I got a raise to market-rate CEO.

Today, I got my first mortgage without my mom!!

Mom spent 40 years as a nurse to give me this privilege.

600 investors told me NO.

9 startups with revenue. $0 raised.

Valuation too high. Revenue too low.

Too niche. Too mass market. Too B2C.

I once pitched over 200 people in two months.

Lost my voice every Friday. Got it back Sunday.

Have you had any exits? No.

Your co-founders had exits? No.

...Then I raised a million for Planswell

Then it was four. Then eight.

I’ve raised over 15 million in two years...

Every NO comes with a piece of advice.

Success is the sum of those pieces.

Be vulnerable, be transparent, and keep pitching.

40% of women think they have the same opportunity to lead as men.

They are wrong.

Having the same opportunity would mean at age 3, they'd see moms in executive roles more than dads.

As girls, they'd break things and be forgiven for failing, more than boys.

As teens, experimenting and thrill seeking would be safer than it is for boys.

At college, most of the CEOs that speak about their achievements would be women.

At work they'd see board rooms where they would be surrounded by people just like them.

To start a company, they'd tap a massive pool of risk taking, privileged entrepreneurs, and countless potential mentors who are just like them.

Women do not have the same opportunity as men to become leaders.

I will make an impact.

I will make sure my daughters and my friend's daughters are encouraged to fail.

I will give women access to my mentorship and network.

I will fight my bias to only mentor young men that remind me of myself.

I will make Planswell a place where women, who aspire to lead, are surrounded by inspirational senior executives that they relate to, the way than men feel when they pursue leadership at virtually every other company.

I will educate men who ask for men's day.

I got my first bad Glassdoor review.

It turned into 7 within a week.

I was personally insulted, misquoted.

I feel embarrassed and scared.

Yes, we let several go on performance.

Yes, their peers now quadruple their income.

Yes, it may all be the same person.

No rationalization is helping.

I'm more proud of our culture than anything.

I want everyone to be happy

And everyone to like me.

My mentor told me it wasn't possible.

I accepted the challenge

And I'm still not giving up.

I wanted to quit on Wednesday.

Three people put me down in 24hrs.

I'm coordinating a critical deal,

A key investor told me I screwed it up.

I tried making a humble post about TechTO,

My team called it arrogant and embarrassing.

I was so rattled I choked at a company pep talk,

Was told it did more damage than good.

I hid for the rest of the day.

Missed a workshop and let more people down.

Thursday I felt paralyzed, like I'd never recover.

Somehow, I got out of bed and to work early.

I taught a lesson and was told it was helpful.

I felt better.

At the bottom, I forgot...

Helping others makes me feel better.

When I was 12, my goal was to make $100,000 and drop out of school.

I started a bunch of different companies, started trading stocks...

It took me all the way to third year university.

To realize there was no chance I’d achieve it.

So I dropped out anyways.

I continued trying to be an entrepreneur.

I failed at 9 startups.

I lost a couple hundred thousand dollars.

Didn’t really keep track.

I worked half a dozen different jobs to survive.

Failed at all of them.

I paid for the last decade by flipping three houses.

6 different mortgages.

Last year was a good year for me.

It was the first year I made over $50,000.

Paid by the company I started three years ago.

Now I have 55 employees.

I’ve raised $14 million.

We've built over 100,000 financial plans.

LinkedIn calls Planswell the 11th hottest startup in Canada.

This year… I’ll earn $84 thousand.

Next year, we'll expand to 12 new countries.

We’ll reveal partnerships with multi-billion dollar conglomerates.

Over a million people will build plans.

Next year... I might crack $100,000.

When I dropped out to get into sales

My mom cried.

She thought I should feel shame.

But I'm proud to be in sales.

Big or small, consumer decisions are emotional.

Building trust to assist people in doing the right thing can be challenging, rewarding, and invaluable to your client.

These skills are the most transferable and led me to start companies in multiple industries.

Now, we use them to assist clients in understanding and navigating their most important life decisions: their financial plans.

If you know a top performing trust builder whose proud of their sales career, please introduce them.

I'd like to pay them to come share their experience with our team.

I never tell my kids I'm going to work.

I tell them I'm going to help people.

I help people learn new things.
I help people buy homes.
I help people plan their future.

That's why people help us...

They grow food for us.
They let us use their subway.
They make clothes for us.

You help people too!

You help Willow find her bunny.
You help mom clean up the toys.
You help Pablo get treats.

Who are you going to help today?

I'm currently barefoot, swinging in a hammock, in a major VC's office, on a two day trip to Munich, while everyone I know is still asleep in Toronto.

4 months ago we had no partnerships and were seriously behind in funding for our 2 year old startup in Canada.

Now we're well funded for the next year, with powerful strategic partners, and in the next 4 months we'll be expanding free financial planning into 6 new countries!

Thank you to all the people who continue to believe in our future, for making all of this possible!!

I think most job postings may be fake...

I told HR I found a candidate to hire.

They said no prob, they'd post the job.

Huh? I already found them.

“Once you find a candidate, we need to post a job to make it look fair.”

What do you do with the resumes?

“Nothing”

How often does the bank actually hire from job postings?

She shrugged, shook her head, walked away…


This was a previous employer but I think lots of companies who normally hire through nepotism, make fake job postings.

It hurts candidates and it’s abusive.

How do we make it stop?

I was fired for wage theft.

I hit 6 months of goals in one, working only 15 hours a week.

When I proudly told my boss and asked for a raise, he fired me… For working 15 hours a week.

It turns out bosses at giant conglomerates may not be solely focused on the success of the business.

They may be more focused on their own next promotion.

I lived this experience at 3 more conglomerates before concluding that startups is where it's at.

Just me, or is jealous-boss sabotage common?